When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    The remote repo safely stores data in the cloud. This means, easy access for multiple users and you can access from any machine you are using. Plus if it is large, you dont need to save it on your machine.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Fill in your answer here

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks: online only way of cloning a repo for personal use. Automatically 	 associates with original creator and your github account. High tech copy-and-paste.
    Clones: offline or online way to of copying a repo. Does not associate with original creator. a straight forward copy-and-paste.
    Branch: is a copy of some files that differs from the original. The purpose of the branch is to house similar but different file which may be merged into the primary or master files at some point. Example: having a seperate set of code for the spanish version of a website.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    allows you to compare to the remote easily. IF you lose internet access you can keep working. If it is a large file, you dont have to send tons of data back and forth when using diff. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Email files back and forth. Using google docs or dropbox. It would be easier in that you would not need to know git. But it would be hard to collaborate on code.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Branches let you work on master without potentially screwing up master. They are safe places to expirement. Finally, when/if you want to merge your branch with master you can do a pull request or just merge if you own the master. 
